hi I'm Amelia and I'm gonna talk to you
about how to improve your hair growth
what's most important with hair growth
is you have to remember the health of
the follicle so the follicle is the bulb
where the hair actually grows out of
think of like a daffodil and if that
daffodil isn't fed then it's not going
to bloom so once you feed that follicle
really well then you can get a lot of
hair even just out of one follicle
follicles go through a life and death
process once the hair grows it stays in
that growing phase for about six months
to a year and then once it goes through
a stasis phase it can stay in that phase
up to I think five six years and then
after that is the dying phase where it
actually falls out and that's where you
see hair all over the floor hair on your
clothes that's when your hair falls out
it's normal to lose about a hundred
hairs per day and I wouldn't get too
stressed out if it seems like you're
losing a lot more the longer and thicker
your hair is the more hair it feels like
you're losing if you're really concerned
about it you can count them just keep
something in the shower where you can
count them and if you feel like it's an
overabundance you can go see your doctor
have your thyroid checked also if you're
starting to get actual bald patches then
you need to be concerned about
of course any issues that could be going
on internally hormones thyroid all of
these things affect stress all of these
things affect hair growth so if you're
gonna be focusing on hair growth make
sure that you take your vitamins B
vitamins biotin all help with hair
growth you're gonna want to eat properly
you're gonna want to exercise because
that also helps with hair growth and
relieving stress which in turn will keep
your B vitamin levels up helping your
hair growth another thing that works
excellent is Nioxin what that does is
that removes DHT off the scalp and will
also help to feed the follicle
they've got follicle boosters in their
line that you can use that will actually
sort of really give an intense boost of
vitamins to that follicle and what that
will do
is feed that follicle enough where you
can get several hairs growing out of one
area so if you notice that your hair is
falling out excessively or if you feel
like it's not growing fast enough you
can try the Nioxin try our B vitamins
talk to your doctor to make sure that
there's nothing going on internally and
that's some ways to make your hair grow
longer faster